hello Ron I'm welcome back for Game two
of blue black Sami source blue white
cover and game 1 we saw the delver
player just use porcelain engineer to
its full advantage and the zombie player
get stuck on Julian for a little bit not
be able to recoup after that if you
missed that just click that video that
you just saw I'll bring you there and
catch you up on the action now for their
side boards as for the delver player he
took out to gut shot one mental messed
up one probe and rotten to feast and
famine to oblivion ring and then for the
zombie player he took out three altar
sheep and brought in three tragic slip
further the delver I probably would've
kept in the new Emma step because you
know traffic slip the sauce is a card
they have all the one drops the feast
and famines I probably would have
dropped the Warren pieces to one and you
know just swap them out or just comp to
four swords and total took out the probe
you know I don't know about running five
swords it could be a could be a little
bit much but we'll see how it goes we
see great father already in play and
Adele ver both teams with their
preferred one drop of choice let me see
it thought scour putting an oblivion
ring in a snap caster in that's a tough
thing when you're doing those blind but
it looked like he needed a land usually
if you set up a ponder and you see like
I'll and you don't need anything or like
a creature that you're not really
looking to play so it's not too bad let
me see the land drops and another dub
part into play but with Mullen hall it's
still very good and snap caster its you
know the only thing in the graveyard
right now that's that kind of sucks is
the oblivion ring it's the only thing
you can't use at the graveyard at least
with a creature you can use model hall
if its source for instant you can use
snapcaster so it's the only card that
you don't want to be in there that and
sorts and go for a throat on the one
delver
so their swing and blues here but right
now Justin's 21 creatures a little bit
better than the you want one but we all
know delver can flip any time and be a
real menace and then there's a
Legionnaire he's just going to pay to
life for that dropping down 16 here
leave them one open then go for the
throat you don't think you'll be able to
hit is a dower and we see Justin stuck
on three land again which is unfortunate
and there's another thing the zombie
decks a lot of your stuff is three jobs
you know if you're running Reaper if
you're running captain if you're in a
messenger you know you you're running
you know either between captain Reaper
here's running eat of them or six you
know for Captain to Reaper or mix of
that and then you run for messenger you
know running 10 to 12 3 drops is not
awesome when you're trying to play a you
know something on turn 3 it's like which
do you pick and my phone's ringing all
right ignore that yeah that's the same
thing with the first original bill to
like spirit Texas all when they're
running swords in geist and the spirit
captain but as we saw in the Pro Tour
they definitely tune the list so really
the only three drops were the captain
and lingering souls they took out the
stores took out the guys and it
definitely seems to pan out and be a
little bit better I'm sure we'll see how
zombies get there but again I don't
think their captain is strong enough and
you know Reapers little slow so know
that they I don't really like about the
zombies too much and another third three
drop and there's a messenger leeson
messenger comes in it does due to damage
but bc i made a leak lots of spells
being played by jeff there he is a good
good amount land force definitely where
you want to be at delver still hasn't
flipped but he does have two engineers
and those are doing plenty of business
and there's just another three drop
drawn on there so he has two messengers
in hand and two captains or it's hard to
see there's definitely two captains are
Reaper a mana leak go for the throat and
a
messenger so we could just you know go
for the throat a we need to see the
blocker out so there's captain but if
that Delbert does flip it's just going
to be game on the spot and it doesn't
but we see the o-ring and hit the
captain and there's the enough damage
and that's it for a game too I hope you
enjoyed watching this match and thank
you for watching actually hope you enjoy
the rest errday later